c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\bin\Debug\restoran.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\bin\Debug\restoran.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\bin\Debug\restoran.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\bin\Debug\restoran.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.FR_MENU.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.FR_LOGIN.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.FR_DATA_MENU.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.FR_KARYAWAN.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.FR_KELUAR.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.FR_LAPORAN.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.FR_MASUK.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.FR_TENTANG.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.FR_KONEKSI.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.FR_PREVIEW.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.FR_PENGATURAN.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.FR_ADMIN.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.FR_HAKAKSES.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\restoran\restoran\obj\Debug\restoran.Fr_trKasir.resources
